Alignment with Locator Tag specification (#15891)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/services/fast_pair.rst

  The Oberon backend is used by default.
  The Mbed TLS backend uses Mbed TLS crypto APIs that are now considered legacy APIs.
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_PN` - The option enables the `Fast Pair Personalized Name extension`_.

>   This option is enabled by default when the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN` is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This option is enabled by default unless the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN` is enabled.
  This is done to align default configuration with `Device Feature Requirements` for `Locator Tag` use-case.
```
